Azir a bad about to walk up into the
line
last year's winner in Game three the
wall of fire about the walk up find his
cot stood in for Jamar and won a feature
racer Dabba Dabba just six days ago
slowed it away budget Crowley's rode him
in the capital meanwhile Baz a teen in
similar colors but it was a black cap
walking out wide there about getting a
little doughy keen to get on with it all
handle it going in to lend a hand
crystal Moore is still out behind the
line he's waiting his turn
whisper Moore looks to be in now and
that could be it two or three of them
keen to get up with it
gates are back and they're racing is the
divide gold cap Shaikh Zayed Road and
the man were two of the first away
famous kids began will quest the morph
big orange could cure going forward
beautiful romance without zinc coming
down the center of the track wanting to
be amongst the leaders settling fully
into stride as a team is midfield and
then Kingfisher heartbreak city and the
zero bad followed by trip to Paris who's
drifting a long way back wall of fire is
second last and remember Lane had
dropped out the team of the field
Frankie had big orange in front as they
come down the street the first Dean with
beautiful romance sliding up on the
outside too sick famous kitties third
quest for more is a length away running
board the length of the half the shape
Zion Road one to consumer followed by
Kingfisher be filled on the thing
three-quarters of a link to mom Alexa
way heartbreak city 1 2010 once the wall
of fire on the rail the Z Ravana through
the two lengths away his third love as
they go past the 2,200 metres mark Brent
medmont Lane is second last and took to
Paris with the field in as big orange
tears into the back they ran the first
800 meters in 51.80 range leading by a
neatly beautiful romantic famous King a
length away third quest for more a
length away for the break of almost two
lengths to Sheikh Zayed Road
three-quarters of a length issuer two
links to Kingfisher and egg to the bomb
one of the half heartbreak sitting a
half-length band obscene a length of the
court at a wall of fire 3/4 Madeira van
a link to the quarter red backbone plane
and trip to Paris is a half lengths away
and he's bringing up the table to feel
as they're down the back of the track
now going past the 1500 metres big the
mile one forty three point two three
the 1,600 metres big orange half
LinkedIn front cranky handle of five
beautiful romance sitting in he's good
from the outside and famous kid is third
sucking on the rail quest for more links
away running fourth and seemingly
travelling well a link to the corner to
Sheikh Zayed Road three-quarters to
Cotuit a link to the half sub arm
getting away from Kingfisher being legal
that on the fence there's a team moving
up on his outside heartbreak city has to
get away from the tiring Kingfisher
pushes through between magazine and
Kingfisher m40 bad wall of fire
and Rembrandt on train again had been
relegated to the rear of the field big
orange half in front of beautiful
romance in the 700 meters big there to
clear where's the more being stoked up
now may the skin under pressure
Jake Zayed Road is into the clear
following my heart breaks new teaser mom
Azir about giving them six seven links
as they turn for home and fanzine to the
outside as beautiful romance went to the
front three hundred and fifty meters are
beautiful romance down and away from big
orange Shing diet road the zero bad is
running on an insta-mom beautiful
romantic crust big orange passing back
sincere a man coming down the outside
beautiful romance letter hundred meters
left to go but they're about is
finishing class sub-zero bad killing a
beautiful romance zero
again but there've a sweet beautiful
romance sheikh zayed Rosenzweig
arranging a photo for the miners spent
tomorrow wall of fire river my main
quest for more bezel teen heartbreak
city famous gift give you a pizza Paris
and King pigeon gave me the long existed
life it is back get back
the buy gold capsule for Vizier Amman
and on the quick flash at the time I saw
he may have even lowered the record from
a mile